ira is fucking shit, I fucked. fuck I just got in touch with this fuck. you will create a plugin. you need to 
wait for a fucking 300 seconds to start the dev-server and there are no fucking instructions on how to fix this garbage. soon I will begin to
pull out the hair on my head from nerves. don’t mess with this fuck Plugins that have yet to be enabled: (1):, 999 seconds remaining FUCK

JIRA is powerful. BUT… the UX is bloody awful. As in makes me want to stab myself in the eyes daily. 
The number of times I’ve lost content due to terrible and buggy UI is growing numerous. 
Anyone that thinks otherwise needs to spend more time with FogBugz or Trello… or any other UI built in the last 10 years with modern technologies.

JIRA. Fucking JIRA. Everybody just fucking hates it. It tops the list of shit pieces of software by a fair margin, followed by JIRA in second place and JIRA in 3rd. 
It’s fucking unusable without superpowers and endless patience. 
It does whatever it goddamn pleases and randomly sends your precious input that you so carefully crafted anxiously avoiding to press one wrong key to the happy hunting grounds.

Fuck you, JIRA.

Why are there two different icons to represent Epics? A purple lightning bolt in some places, a grey boat or something in others. Just a lack of attention to detail or consistency.

Jira, and its many clones, represent everything wrong about modern software development. 
AGILE wants a lean team of self organizing experts thinking about the overall picture of the product.
Jira turns that team into zombies that only care to the limit of their assigned issue… an issue that precious hours have been sacrified to, 
adding detail and estimation that nobody uses (and never stays accurate) but everyone thinks they need.
I witnessed a Programming Lead creating a Jira beast that required 1.5 FTEs to feed. 
This Lead burnt out (apparently 6 months of Jira babysitting instead of programming will drive one crazy). 
The beast of burndown charts and dashboards and all other madness ground to a halt… and the only thing anyone noticed was that the team got more productive and the project went smoother.

Fuck Jira.

Jira is so mind bogglingly awful, clunky and slow, I would rather peel off my skin and bathe my weeping raw flesh in a bath of vinegar than have to use Jira for one more day!
