At my company they’ve added 30 different fields and have 20 different “boards” for the same thing. 
Some of the fields only have meaning in other projects and Shouldn’t Be Edited. 
Managers won’t remove stuff from Jira because “we might need it”. There are over 2000 items in the backlog. 
Someone has added horizontal swim lanes for some reason. Everyone at my company says “Jira is shit” and everyone nods and agrees.

Jira can die. Anyone claiming they like it are liars. How do I know this for certain? Jira Workflows. 
There is no way a single person on this planet could possibly think “oh that’s useful” for that god fucking awful tool.
Jira Cloud dropped them because they are so shit,afaik. Jira Enterprise.. No such luck. The header of your column is now meaningless. 
You must create and map a new “status” for every ticket type. Why are there different types? 
Oh because you need a different workflow for each type. Why do you need a different workflow for each type? 
Atlassian never got that memo. Clear and present demonstration that they never understood the simplest of concepts - left to right flow for.

Its a fucking terrible product that is nothing more than a collection of hacks. It never had a clear vision nor direction.

It is bad, really bad, like come on your page takes 5 seconds to load on every click with a 100Mb internet and loads of ram, seriously? 
I don’t want to talk about the super unintuitive interface. It is basically cancer. And you can’t use something else if your organisation decides to use it.

Jira is too complicated and companies like to add their own extensions to it making it even more complicated, 
it’s not meant for devs but for project managers - and project managers like to make the devs do their job in that horrific tool. 
Imo there should be a dev view that is dead simple, and a PM view with all the complicated bells and whistles.

I’ve built really complex workflows with Jira, and used it for very simple kanban. Even stripped down, it’s still too complicated. 
The wealth of features tend to lead to practices that can be bad for overall productivity even if they look useful on the surface (sub-tasks, for example).
